Baseline Security Settings
Account Policies
1.1	Account Policies	Setting
1.1.1	Enforce password	24 remembered; not required to set for local accounts
1.1.2	Maximum password age	90 days (maximum)
1.1.3	Minimum password age	1 day or more
1.1.4	Minimum password length	8 characters
1.1.5	Password must meet complexity requirements	Enabled
1.1.6	Store passwords using reversible encryption	Disabled
1.1.7	Account lockout duration	15 minutes (minimum)
1.1.8	Account lockout threshold	10 attempts
1.1.9	 Reset account lockout counter after	15 minutes (minimum)
1.1.10	Enforce user logon restrictions	Enabled
1.1.11	Maximum tolerance for computer clock synchronization	5
1.1.12	Maximum lifetime for service ticket	600
1.1.13	Maximum lifetime for user ticket renewal	7 days
1.1.14	Maximum lifetime for user ticket	10


Audit Policies
Windows Server 2008 has detailed audit facilities that allow administrators to tune their audit policy with greater specificity. By enabling the legacy audit facilities outlined in this section, it is probable that the performance of the system may be reduced and that the security event log will realize high event volumes. Given this, it is recommended that Detailed Audit Policies in the subsequent section be leveraged in favor over the policies represented below. Additionally, the "Force audit policy subcategory settings", which is recommended to be enabled, causes Windows to favor the audit subcategories over the legacy audit policies. For the above reasons, this Benchmark does not prescribe specific values for legacy audit policies.

1.2	Audit Policy	Setting
1.2.1	Audit Account Logon Events	Success and Failure
1.2.2	Audit Account Management	Success and Failure
1.2.3	Audit Directory Service Access	No Auditing
1.2.4	Audit Logon Events	Success and Failure
1.2.5	Audit Object Access	Failure (minimum)
1.2.6	Audit Policy Change	Success (minimum)
1.2.7	Audit Privilege Use	Failure (minimum)
1.2.8	Audit Process Tracking	No Audit
1.2.9	Audit System Events	Success (minimum)
1.2.10	Audit: Shut down system immediately if unable to log security audits	Disabled
1.2.11	Audit: Force audit policy subcategory settings (Windows Vista or later) to override audit policy category settings	Enabled
 

Detailed Security Auditing
This section articulates the detailed audit policies introduced in Windows Vista and later. Prior to Windows Server 2008 R2, these settings could only be established via the auditpol.exe utility. However, in Server 2008 R2, GPOs exist for managing these items. Guidance is provided for establishing the recommended state using via GPO and auditpol.exe. The values prescribed in this section represent the minimum recommended level of auditing.

1.3	Detailed Security Auditing	Setting
1.3.1	Audit Policy: System: IPsec Driver	Success and Failure
1.3.2	Audit Policy: System: Security State Change	Success and Failure
1.3.3	Audit Policy: System: Security System Extension	Success and Failure
1.3.4	Audit Policy: System: System Integrity	Success and Failure
1.3.5	Audit Policy: Logon-Logoff: Logoff	Success
1.3.6	Audit Policy: Logon-Logoff: Logon	Success and Failure
1.3.7	Audit Policy: Logon-Logoff: Special Logon	Success
1.3.8	Audit Policy: Object Access: File System	Failure
1.3.9	Audit Policy: Object Access: Registry	Failure
1.3.10	Audit Policy: Privilege Use: Sensitive Privilege Use	No auditing
1.3.11	Audit Policy: Detailed Tracking: Process Creation	Success
1.3.12	Audit Policy: Policy Change: Audit Policy Change	Success and Failure
 

1.3	Detailed Security Auditing	Setting
1.3.13	Audit Policy: Policy Change: Authentication Policy Change	Success
1.3.14	Audit Policy: Account Management: Computer Account Management	Success and Failure
1.3.15	Audit Policy: Account Management: Other Account Management Events	Success and Failure
1.3.16	Audit Policy: Account Management: Security Group Management	Success and Failure
1.3.17	Audit Policy: Account Management: User Account Management	Success and Failure
1.3.18	Audit Policy: DS Access: Directory Service Access	No Auditing
1.3.19	Audit Policy: DS Access: Directory Service Changes	No Auditing
1.3.20	Audit Policy: Account Logon: Credential Validation	Success and Failure


Event Log
1.4	Event Log	Setting
1.4.1	Application: Maximum Log Size (KB)	32768 KB or greater
1.4.2	Application: Retain old events	Disabled
1.4.3	Security: Maximum Log Size (KB)	81920 KB or greater
1.4.4	Security: Retain old events	Disabled
1.4.5	System: Maximum Log Size (KB)	32768 KB or greater
1.4.6	System: Retain old events	Disabled


Windows Firewall
1.5	Windows Firewall	Setting
1.5.1	Windows Firewall: Allow ICMP exceptions (Domain)	Disabled
1.5.2	Windows Firewall: Allow ICMP exceptions (Standard)	Disabled
1.5.3	Windows Firewall: Apply local connection security rules (Domain)	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Configured.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is No.
1.5.4	Windows Firewall: Apply local connection security rules (Private)	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Configured.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is No.
1.5.5	Windows Firewall: Apply local connection security rules (Public)	No
1.5.6	Windows Firewall: Apply local firewall rules (Domain)	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Configured.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is No.
1.5.7	Windows Firewall: Apply local firewall rules (Private)	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Configured.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is No.
1.5.8	Windows Firewall: Apply local firewall rules (Public)	No
1.5.9	Windows Firewall: Display a notification (Domain)	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Yes.
1.5.10	Windows Firewall: Display a notification (Private)	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Yes.
1.5.11	Windows Firewall: Display a notification (Public)	No
1.5.12	Windows Firewall: Firewall state (Domain)	On
1.5.13	Windows Firewall: Firewall state (Private)	On
1.5.14	Windows Firewall: Firewall state (Public)	On
1.5.15	Windows Firewall: Inbound connections (Domain)	Block
1.5.16	Windows Firewall: Inbound connections (Private)	Block
1.5.17	Windows Firewall: Inbound connections (Public)	Block
1.5.18	Windows Firewall: Prohibit notifications (Domain)	Disabled
1.5.19	Windows Firewall: Prohibit notifications (Standard)	Disabled
1.5.20	Windows Firewall: Protect all network connections (Domain)	Enabled
1.5.21	Windows Firewall: Protect all network connections (Standard)	Enabled


Windows Update
This Section contains recommended setting for University resources not administered by UITS – SSG; if resource is administered by UITS-SSG, Configuration Management Services will adjust these settings.

1.6	Windows Update	Setting
1.6.1	Configure Automatic Updates	Enabled: 3 - Auto download and notify for install
1.6.2	Do not display 'Install Updates and Shut Down' option in Shut Down Windows dialog box	Disabled
1.6.3	Reschedule Automatic Updates scheduled installations	Enabled


User Rights
1.8	User Rights	Setting
1.8.1	Access this computer from the network	For the Enterprise Member Server and SSLF Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators, Authenticated Users.
For the Enterprise Domain Controller and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators, Authenticated Users, ENTERPRISE DOMAIN CONTROLLERS.
1.8.2	Act as part of the operating system	No one
1.8.3	Adjust memory quotas for a process	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators, LOCAL SERVICE, NETWORK SERVICE.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.4	Back up files and directories	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.5	Bypass traverse checking	For the Enterprise Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators, Authenticated Users, Backup Operators, Local Service, Network Service.
For the Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
For the SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Authenticated Users, Local Service, Network Service.
For the SSLF Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators, Authenticated Users, Local Service, Network Service.
1.8.6	Change the system time	LOCAL SERVICE, Administrators
1.8.7	Create a pagefile	For the Enterprise Member Server, SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.8	Create a token object	No One
1.8.9	Create global objects	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators, SERVICE, Local Service, Network Service.
1.8.10	Create permanent shared objects	No One
1.8.11	Debug programs	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is No one.
1.8.12	Deny access to this computer from the network	Guests
1.8.13	Enable computer and user accounts to be trusted for delegation	No One
1.8.14	Force shutdown from a remote system	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.15	Impersonate a client after	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is Administrators, SERVICE, Local Service, Network Service.
1.8.16	Increase scheduling priority	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.17	Load and unload device drivers	Administrators
1.8.18	Lock pages in memory	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is No one.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.19	Manage auditing and security log	For the Enterprise Member Server, SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.20	Modify firmware environment values	For the Enterprise Member Server, SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.21	Perform volume maintenance tasks	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.22	Profile single process	Administrators
1.8.23	Profile system performance	Administrators
1.8.24	Remove computer from docking station	Administrators
1.8.25	Replace a process level token	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is LOCAL SERVICE, NETWORK SERVICE.
1.8.26	Shut down the system	Administrators
1.8.27	Add workstations to domain	For the Enterprise Domain Controller and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the Enterprise Member Server and SSLF Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.28	Allow log on locally	Administrators
1.8.29	Allow log on through Terminal Services	Do not disable; Limit via FW - Access via UConn networks only
1.8.30	Change the time zone	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is LOCAL SERVICE, Administrators.
1.8.31	Create symbolic links	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.32	Deny log on locally	Guests
1.8.33	Deny log on through Terminal Services	Guests
1.8.34	Generate security audits	For the Enterprise Member Server, SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is LOCAL SERVICE, NETWORK SERVICE.For the Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.35	Increase a process working set	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators, Local Service.For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.36	Log on as a batch job	For the Enterprise Domain Controller,SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is No one.For the Enterprise Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.8.37	Restore files and directories	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators.For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Administrators, Backup Operators.
1.8.38	Take ownership of files or other objects	Administrators
1.8.39	Access credential Manager as a trusted caller	No One
1.8.40	Synchronize directory service data	No One


Security Options
1.9	Security Options	Setting
1.9.1	Network security: Minimum session security for NTLM SSP based (including secure RPC) servers	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is Require NTLMv2 session security, Require 128-bit encryption.
1.9.2	Network access: Remotely accessible registry paths and sub-paths	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is:
System\CurrentControlSet\Control\Print\Printers System\CurrentControlSet\Services\Eventlog
Software\Microsoft\OLAP Server
Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Print
Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Windows
System\CurrentControlSet\Control\ContentIndex System\CurrentControlSet\Control\Terminal Server System\CurrentControlSet\Control\Terminal Server\UserConfig System\CurrentControlSet\Control\Terminal Server\DefaultUserConfiguration Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion\Perflib System\CurrentControlSet\Services\SysmonLog
Other Domain Controller profile(s), are Not Defined.
1.9.3	Accounts: Rename administrator account	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is any value that does not contain the term "admin".
1.9.4	Accounts: Rename guest account	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is any value that does not contain the term "guest".
1.9.5	Accounts: Guest account status	Disabled
1.9.6	Network access: Allow anonymous SID/Name translation	Disabled
1.9.7	Accounts: Limit local account use of blank passwords to console logon only	Enabled
1.9.8	Devices: Allowed to format and eject removable media	Administrators
1.9.9	Devices: Prevent users from installing printer drivers	Enabled
1.9.10	Devices: Restrict CD-ROM access to locally logged-on user only	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.11	Devices: Restrict floppy access to locally logged-on user only	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.12	Domain member: Digitally encrypt or sign secure channel data (always)	Enabled
1.9.13	Domain member: Digitally encrypt secure channel data (when possible)	Enabled
1.9.14	Domain member: Digitally sign secure channel data (when possible)	Enabled
1.9.15	Domain member: Disable machine account password changes	Disabled
1.9.16	Domain member: Maximum machine account password age	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is 30 day(s).
1.9.17	Domain member: Require strong (Windows 2000 or later) session key	Enabled
1.9.18	Domain controller: Allow server operators to schedule tasks	For the Enterprise Domain Controller and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Disabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and SSLF Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.19	Domain controller: LDAP server signing requirements	For the SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Require signing.
For the Enterprise Member Server, Enterprise Domain Controller and SSLF Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.20	Domain controller: Refuse machine account password changes	For the Enterprise Domain Controller and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Disabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and SSLF Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.21	Interactive logon: Do not display last user name	Enabled
1.9.22	Interactive logon: Do not require CTRL+ALT+DEL	Disabled
1.9.23	Interactive logon: Number of previous logons to cache (in case domain controller is not available)	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is 1 logon.
1.9.24	Interactive logon: Prompt user to change password before expiration	14 days
1.9.25	Interactive logon: Require Domain Controller authentication to unlock workstation	Enabled
1.9.26	Interactive logon: Smart card removal behavior	Lock Workstation
1.9.27	Omitted	
1.9.28	Omitted	
1.9.29	Interactive logon: Require smart card	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.30	Microsoft network client: Digitally sign communications (always)	Enabled
1.9.31	Microsoft network client: Digitally sign communications (if server agrees)	Enabled
1.9.32	Microsoft network client: Send unencrypted password to third-party SMB servers	Disabled
1.9.33	Microsoft network server: Amount of idle time required before suspending session	15 minutes
1.9.34	Microsoft network server: Digitally sign communications (always)	Enabled
1.9.35	Microsoft network server: Digitally sign communications (if client agrees)	Enabled
1.9.36	Microsoft network server: Disconnect clients when logon hours expire	Disabled
1.9.37	Network access: Do not allow anonymous enumeration of SAM accounts	Enabled
1.9.38	Network access: Do not allow anonymous enumeration of SAM accounts and shares	Enabled
1.9.39	Network access: Do not allow storage of credentials or .NET Passports for network authentication	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.40	Network access: Let Everyone permissions apply to anonymous users	Disabled
1.9.41	Network access: Named Pipes that can be accessed anonymously	For the SSLF Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is browser.
For the SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is: netlogon, lsarpc, samr, browser.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.42	Network access: Remotely accessible registry paths	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is:
System\CurrentControlSet\Control\ProductOptions
System\CurrentControlSet\Control\Server Applications
Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\CurrentVersion
1.9.43	Network access: Restrict anonymous access to Named Pipes and Shares	Enabled
1.9.44	Network access: Shares that can be accessed anonymously	None
1.9.45	Network access: Sharing and security model for local accounts	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is Classic - local users authenticate as themselves.
1.9.46	Network security: Do not store LAN Manager hash value on next password change	Enabled
1.9.47	Network security: LAN Manager authentication level	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Send NTLMv2 response only. Refuse LM.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Send NTLMv2 response only. Refuse LM & NTLM.
1.9.48	Network security: LDAP client signing requirements	Negotiate signing
1.9.49	Network security: Minimum session security for NTLM SSP based (including secure RPC) clients	Require NTLMv2 session security, Require 128-bit encryption
1.9.50	Recovery console: Allow automatic administrative logon	Disabled
1.9.51	Recovery console: Allow floppy copy and access to all drives and all folders	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Disabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.52	Shutdown: Clear virtual memory pagefile	Disabled
1.9.53	Shutdown: Allow system to be shut down without having to log on	Disabled
1.9.54	System objects: Require case insensitivity for non-Windows subsystems	Enabled
1.9.55	System objects: Strengthen default permissions of internal system objects (e.g. Symbolic Links)	Enabled
1.9.56	System cryptography: Force strong key protection for user keys stored on the computer	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is User must enter a password each time they use a key.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is User is prompted when the key is first used.
1.9.57	System settings: Optional subsystems	None
1.9.58	System settings: Use Certificate Rules on Windows Executables for Software Restriction Policies	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.59	MSS: (AutoAdminLogon) Enable Automatic Logon (not recommended)	Disabled
1.9.60	MSS: (DisableIPSourceRouting) IP source routing protection level (protects against packet spoofing)	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is Highest protection, source routing is completely disabled.
1.9.61	MSS: (EnableICMPRedirect) Allow ICMP redirects to override OSPF generated routes	Disabled
1.9.62	MSS: (KeepAliveTime) How often keep-alive packets are sent in milliseconds	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is 5 minutes.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.62	MSS: (KeepAliveTime) How often keep-alive packets are sent in milliseconds	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is 5 minutes.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.9.63	MSS: (NoDefaultExempt) Configure IPSec exemptions for various types of network traffic	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is Only ISAKMP is exempt (recommended for Windows Server 2003).
1.9.64	MSS: (NoNameReleaseOnDemand) Allow the computer to ignore NetBIOS name release requests except from WINS servers	Enabled
1.9.65	MSS: (NtfsDisable8dot3NameCreation) Enable the computer to stop generating 8.3 style filenames (recommended)	Enabled
1.9.66	MSS: (PerformRouterDiscovery) Allow IRDP to detect and configure Default Gateway addresses (could lead to DoS)	Disabled
1.9.67	MSS: (SafeDllSearchMode) Enable Safe DLL search mode (recommended)	Enabled
1.9.68	MSS: (ScreenSaverGracePeriod) The time in seconds before the screen saver grace period expires (0 recommended)	0
1.9.69	MSS: (TCPMaxDataRetransmissions) How many times unacknowledged data is retransmitted (3 recommended, 5 is default)	3
1.9.70	MSS: (WarningLevel) Percentage threshold for the security event log at which the system will generate a warning	90% or less
1.9.71	MSS: (DisableIPSourceRouting IPv6) IP source routing protection level (protects against packet spoofing)	For all profiles, the recommended state for this setting is Highest protection, source routing is completely disabled.
1.9.72	MSS: (TCPMaxDataRetransmissions) IPv6 How many times unacknowledged data is retransmitted (3 recommended, 5 is default)	3


Terminal Services
1.10	Terminal Services	Setting
1.10.1	Always prompt client for password upon connection	Enabled
1.10.2	Set client connection encryption level	Enabled: High Level
1.10.3	Do not allow drive redirection	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Configured.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.
1.10.4	Do not allow passwords to be saved	Enabled


Internet Communications
1.11	Internet Communication	Setting
1.11.1	Turn off downloading of print drivers over HTTP	Enabled
1.11.2	Turn off the "Publish to Web" task for files and folders	Enabled
1.11.3	Turn off Internet download for Web publishing and online ordering wizards	Enabled
1.11.4	Turn off printing over HTTP	Enabled
1.11.5	Turn off Search Companion content file updates	Enabled
1.11.6	Turn off the Windows Messenger Customer Experience Improvement Program	Enabled
1.11.7	Turn off Windows Update device driver searching	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.


188Additional Security Settings
1.12	Additional Security Settings	Setting
1.12.1	Do not process the legacy run list	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Configured.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.
1.12.2	Do not process the run once list	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Configured.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.
1.12.3	Registry policy processing	For the Enterprise Member Server and SSLF Member Server profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled (Process even if the Group Policy objects have not changed).
For the Enterprise Domain Controller and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.12.4	Offer Remote Assistance	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Disabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.12.5	Solicited Remote Assistance	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Disabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.12.6	Restrictions for Unauthenticated RPC clients	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled: Authenticated.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.12.7	RPC Endpoint Mapper Client Authentication	For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Enabled.
For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Defined.
1.12.8	Turn off Autoplay	Enabled: All drives
1.12.9	Enumerate administrator accounts on elevation	For the Enterprise Member Server and Enterprise Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Not Configured.
For the SSLF Member Server and SSLF Domain Controller profile(s), the recommended value is Disabled.
1.12.10	Require trusted path for credential entry	Enabled
1.12.11	Disable remote Desktop Sharing	Enabled
